DONT REVIEW YET!!! feat: Adds `metric_name` and `mode` to `mongodbatlas_alert_configuration` `threshold_config` block (#4347)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/alert_configuration.md

* `mode` - This must be set to AVERAGE. Atlas computes the current metric value as an average.

### Threshold Config (`threshold_config`)

> * `metric_name` - (Optional) Human-readable label identifying the metric to check. Used for stream processor alert types (e.g. `OUTSIDE_STREAM_PROCESSOR_METRIC_THRESHOLD`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metric_name` - (Optional) Human-readable label that identifies the metric to check. Used for stream processor alert types (e.g. `OUTSIDE_STREAM_PROCESSOR_METRIC_THRESHOLD`).
```
